Enhance documentation hygiene guidelines for managing stale links in markdown files (#8517)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: AGENTS.md

1. **Always run `npm install` at repository root** to bootstrap the monorepo
1. Repository uses npm workspaces - dependencies are shared and managed at root level

### Documentation Hygiene

When deleting, renaming, or moving files and directories (especially samples), always scan all `.md` files for stale references. This includes:

- Relative links (`./path/to/file`)
- GitHub URLs (`github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/tree/dev/...`)
- Anchor references (`#heading-name`)

> Update or remove broken links before merging. Use the `/doc-audit` prompt (`.github/prompts/doc-audit.prompt.md`) for a comprehensive check. See `.github/instructions/doc_links.instructions.md` for full guidelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update or remove broken links before merging. Use the `/doc-audit` prompt (`.github/prompts/doc-audit.prompt.md`) for a comprehensive check. Follow guidelines listed at  `.github/instructions/doc_links.instructions.md`.
```
